docs: add directory depth limitation warning to custom components (#13104)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/versioned_docs/version-1.9.0/Components/components-custom-components.mdx

        └── custom_tool.py
```

:::warning Directory Depth Limitation

> Components must be at most **2 levels deep** (`category/component.py`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components can be at most 2 levels deep.
```

> - ✅ `data/custom_component.py` (level 2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, `data/custom_component.py` is discoverable, but `data/tools/custom_component.py` is not discoverable.
```

> - ❌ `data/tools/custom_component.py` (level 3 - not discovered)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Each first-level directory becomes an independent category in the UI.

> **Advanced:** To increase the depth limit, modify `MAX_DEPTH` in `src/lfx/src/lfx/custom/directory_reader/directory_reader.py`. Subdirectories will still appear as separate categories, not nested hierarchies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To increase the depth limit, modify `MAX_DEPTH` in `src/lfx/src/lfx/custom/directory_reader/directory_reader.py`. Subdirectories will still appear as separate categories, not nested hierarchies.
```
